[Music]
well guess what we're doing today I'm
here with Kat hi and her channel is cat
or thick if you don't already know her
we are gonna be making more puppy chow
because you guys are really going to
like my chocolate hazelnut puppy chow
that I did last week and this week I'm
going to be showing you how to make
peppermint puppy chow so this is really
festive because you can see like the red
and green specks from candy canes in it
and it has a lighter flavor to it so
it's not as rich and heavy it's a really
great party food puppy chow in general
is amazing and it's not dog food for
everybody that was like I thought you
were making dog food it was so funny cuz
I was getting so many tweets from people
like I thought we were making dog food
and then I realized it wasn't so I went
to watch your video so I thought it was
super funny so we're gonna show you how
to make it so let's get started for this
puppy chow recipe you are going to need
rice Chex cereal some plastic bags candy
canes white chocolate chips butter and
powdered sugar I'm gonna have a cat
measure everything out before we put it
all into the microwave so we're starting
off with the white chocolate chips and
cat if you can measure out on top of
those while she's doing that I'm going
to take 1 tablespoon of butter I'm just
grabbing a knife I love white chocolate
so much yeah it's really good about 1
tablespoon of butter goes in there like
that so if you guys watched my last
puppy chow video and you know that this
goes in the microwave and you want to do
it in increments so we're gonna put it
in for 30 seconds bring it back out stir
it put it back
in until it's nice and smooth so we have
our chocolate chips here they've been in
the microwave for 30 seconds and now I'm
just going to use stir it up even that
looks good I know it looks good all
right it's been in the microwave for 30
more seconds so we're just going to mix
it again whoa that looks a lot creamier
and crazier you know I think we're just
gonna need one more time so it's
basically just like last time
chocolate is pretty consistent across
before I was so good but they're gonna
be weird it looks like a frog I know
it's just gonna say it looks like cake
frosting okay so our chocolate is nice
and smooth now and if you need your
chocolate to be a little bit more
liquidy you can always add milk to it
and that will help thin it out a little
bit if you do want it to be somewhat
runny so you can coat your cereal so
we're just gonna set this aside for now
I'm going to be taking six candy canes
and sticking them in this ziplock bag
here
and then taking mr. mug and using it to
crush the candy canes to tiny little bit
pieces so I have my check cereal and I
measure out about four cups of cereal
[Music]
we have the candy canes all crushed up
now so you want them to be fairly small
so you're not getting like huge gigantic
chunks when you bite into your puppy
chow now it is time to coat each X
cereal with the white chocolate mixture
so just gonna dump it out then I'm going
to take spoon here oh that reminds me of
Rice Krispies right now it like it
smells it smells really good
we are going to need a cup of powdered
sugar and we'll leave out to me measures
all right
[Music]
so cats gonna hold this bag open for me
and I am going to scoop in the Czech
cereal
and then a cat is just gonna add in
another half a cup about a half doesn't
have to be stopped
powdered sugar just over the top here so
shake it out I don't make a mess but it
keep it continue exactly any parents out
there or if you have kids in your family
let them do this because thanks miss
mama Roxy yeah it looks really cool once
it's like all mixed together we'll show
you guys it so our puppy chow is
finished and it looks really cool
because you have all of the little
specks from the candy canes and it shows
up and it looks really pretty and
festive and to dress it up even more you
can put this in a bigger bowl if you're
serving it at a party but you can like
garnish it with some candy canes just so
people know that it's not your average
puppy chow and there it is the
peppermint puppy chow
that is it for the puppy chow recipe and
we both had a little taste and it tastes
really good it has a nice light flavor
to it so this is great if regular puppy
chow is too sweet for you because puppy
chow can be very sugary be sure to check
out the video that Kat and I did on her
channel what did we do we play Christmas
charades and it's pretty funny and so I
will have that link down below for you
guys and be sure to subscribe to Kat
while you're there because she is
amazing oh thank you Kevin before
helping me out with the puppy chow today
a problem but that is gonna be it and I
will see you tomorrow
I
[Music]